Container updates (#1228)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/installation/octopus-in-container/octopus-server-container-windows.md

---

:::warning

> **Octopus Windows container is in Early Access Preview and there are no plans to stabilize the container and we recommend using an Octopus Deploy Linux container, please refer to the [Octopus Server Container Linux](/docs/installation/octopus-in-container/octopus-server-container-linux.md) documentation. There may be bugs and it may be unstable**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**There are currently no plans to support the Octopus Windows container in Production and may contain bugs or be unstable. For hosting Octopus in a container, we recommend using the [Octopus Server Linux Container](/docs/installation/octopus-in-container/octopus-server-container-linux.md).**
```
